Properly document keepalive and other tcp options (#60216)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/modules/http.asciidoc

`http.max_warning_header_size`::
The maximum total size of warning headers in client HTTP responses. Defaults to `unbounded`.

`http.tcp.no_delay`::
Enable or disable the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nagle%27s_algorithm[TCP no delay]
setting. Defaults to `network.tcp.no_delay`.

`http.tcp.keep_alive`::
Configures the `SO_KEEPALIVE` option for this socket, which
determines whether it sends TCP keepalive probes.
Defaults to `network.tcp.keep_alive`.

`http.tcp.keep_idle`:: Configures the `TCP_KEEPIDLE` option for this socket, which
determines the time in seconds that a connection must be idle before
starting to send TCP keepalive probes. Defaults to `network.tcp.keep_idle` which

> means to use the system default. May not be greater than 300. Only applicable on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
means to use the smaller of 300 or the system default. May not be greater than 300. Only applicable on
```

Reviewer: Ok, no, I understood #59278 ok and misunderstood this change. This suggestion isn't right.

> starting to send TCP keepalive probes. Defaults to `network.tcp.keep_idle` which
> means to use the system default. May not be greater than 300. Only applicable on

Reviewer 2: Minor rewording for clarity.
```suggestion
starting to send TCP keepalive probes. Defaults to `network.tcp.keep_idle`, which
uses the system default. This value cannot exceed `300` seconds. Only applicable on
```

Linux and macOS, and requires Java 11 or newer.

`http.tcp.keep_interval`:: Configures the `TCP_KEEPINTVL` option for this socket,
which determines the time in seconds between sending TCP keepalive probes.

> Defaults to `network.tcp.keep_interval` which means to use the system default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defaults to `network.tcp.keep_interval` which means to use the smaller of 300 or the system default.
```

Reviewer: Ok, no, I understood #59278 ok and misunderstood this change. This suggestion isn't right.

> Defaults to `network.tcp.keep_interval` which means to use the system default.
> May not be greater than 300. Only applicable on Linux and macOS, and requires

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Defaults to `network.tcp.keep_interval`, which uses the system default.
This value cannot exceed `300` seconds. Only applicable on Linux and macOS, and requires
```

Java 11 or newer.

`http.tcp.keep_count`:: Configures the `TCP_KEEPCNT` option for this socket, which
determines the number of unacknowledged TCP keepalive probes that may be

> sent on a connection before it is dropped. Defaults to `network.tcp.keep_count`
> which means to use the system default. Only applicable on Linux and macOS, and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
sent on a connection before it is dropped. Defaults to `network.tcp.keep_count`,
which uses the system default. Only applicable on Linux and macOS, and
```
